Hey what's wrong with my computer?
I think you have to change your desktop
Yeah my computer is not functioning properly.
Did you plug in the power cable when you come back?
I spent a lot of time thinking about what I was gonna do and then a couple of minutes before this I get my function you know the information that I need. This presentation is mainly based on my own ideas 'cause I hadn't time to intergrate tha the information yet so
I'm gonna talk about functional requirements. Well some research has be done has been done. observing of one hundred subjects in the usability lab using a remote control. and they also filled in a questionnaire. They disliked the look-and-feel of current remotes controls. Users think they're ugly. they do not match the the operating behaviour of the users. they are often lost somewhere in the room. it takes too much time to learn how to use a new remote control. And they're bad for RSI. most irrelevant and less used were audio settings, mono, stereo, pitch, bass. most relevant, most used functions,. power button, channel, volume selection. but we can skip that because I saw the newsflash, and teletext is so outdated that it it's i should not be used any more in the future.
By the way where did you guys get that newsflash from?
I receiv the mail but you don't. So
No so it's a text file in the project folder. there was some research on new features in a remote control. about an LCD screen and speech recognition.
And the new product should reach new markets, which is the customers below forty.
I mean above forty people are not so interested not so interested in a screen or speech recognition. well we have to keep all the classic functions but make the buttons as user-friendly as possible. And I think and certainly for for the for the lower age groups, nice design, which does not make the remote control in your room.
But it also needs to have corporate identity.
So the the logo has to be. present yeah, and the colours as well.
You pressed alt four?
No no no. I pressed the mouse button. I had two examples. this one is the the yeah the advanced one with a lot of options and functions and buttons. This the easy one. I think we have to to combine them. And yeah merge the best functions of all examples. Okay so so we have the option for more functions.
And we do have to integrate the screen and the the speech
Yeah but I prefer we we use the the basic options yeah. We have to to make them very easy so for just zapping around the channels you can just push one button.
Yeah but the the newsflash also stated that it should control only one device, only your television.
Yeah only use a extra function if they are really needed.
So maybe you can hide them or something.
So it looks very simple and all the advanced features are hidden in the screen, with a clear menu.
So what does the screen do?
For for the advanced functions I think.
Well I, my guess is it's it's pretty handy for advanced advanced functions.
So we have to make a compromise between functionality and fashional fashionable
Well my presentation is a bit sucky. yeah well I was working on this before I got my information. So I was just working off the top of my head and using my colin common knowledge about remote controls. And well the info on the website which came too late. But yeah then the information came and it was kind of exact with all the steps in the remote control that I had to follow, so I was trying to organise them for myself. I mean everything speaks for itself I guess. Mean you press a button the it tru goes, it sends a signal to a chip,. which translates it into infrared signal of certin spatial frequencies. and the TV will translate it into a function.
Okay shou should we make a list of the of all the functions we want
For those that didn't see yet the basic new requirements of the management were no teletext, only for TV. it should be designed for a use group below forty,. And the corporate identity should be clear in the design of the remote control.
The marketing research started on on the age of sixteen. sixteen to forty.
Yeah so what we might wanna do is yeah cust I have customised the screen functions, if you know what I mean.
The the simple functions for for the the whole public, and the the advanced options for the younger people yeah who are more yeah experienced with. I I should put the the yeah the extra advanced options on the onto the onscreen display.
You can make a if you make a drawing. so it should fit right in into your hand. Okay so yeah you have you have it in your hand, and the screen is below, and the buttons are in the middle.
I thought but this is really your department, that we need just the functional display and four cursors.
Most of the time you have one button in the middle. It says menu,. and then if you press it you the screen gets activated and then you can use these buttons to scroll up and down and left and right to go into functon. and then on on each on each screen there's there should be an option to go back to a to a upper level. But it should be if the screen is here then the logo should be like on on top,
And for the speech recognition part, if we want to incorporate that, we need a microphone.
Yeah I mean a screen on top looks more lo logical to me. So we put this on top, and then make the corporate logo. Yeah okay. So on the on the top is better.
Depends on the sensitivity of the microphone, but I think that's okay.
I mean this is basically numbers, volume, channel up and down.
Yeah so we we needed to integrate the sound and and image options right?
So channel programming?
Under the a yeah advanced option menu you can put those things.
You have basically a button menu, which you can use directly, according to the old principle. And the LCD options are activated by some some software options, thats communicates with the infrared decoder yeah.
Yeah a audio settings, mono, stereo, pitch, bass, treble. Screen settings, brightness and colour.
S swap channels? Swap's good option. The User Interface Designer can design a menu for all these function. and I think you can concentrate more on the button placement and the placement of the screen itself on the
Isn't that more the the the user interface part?
All the functional aspects of the remote I think are in my department.
Okay. So he's layout and you're function.
I think that's a that's a good separation. Yeah we have to kind of work together.
Menu button access the menu in the LCD screen.
And then with these buttons, woa, you navigate.
Hey is it interesting for users if we put LED lights under the buttons? So that if you press on the menu function that only the buttons that are used for the menu are ligh li light up.
That's very good idea.
The pr the problem with the okay button in the middle is,. sorry, is if you're pressing up and down, you can easily press the okay once you, when you're not already at your choice.
So maybe make one one okay button and and one navigation button.
Yh we have lunch break,. and then we can work for thirty minutes,. and I have to write very fast to make the minich min minutes.
But do we have to write to write down the our stuff now? Or first lunchbreak?
No I th believe there's first lunch break. I think you can put the laptop back in the room and